That's not an addiction.
The last slow-killing poison?
It has only been medically proven in modern times
Lion, say something
This is burning eyebrows
I want to attack Destroy Saint
What Su Hei gave His Majesty was not salty medicine
It was poison.
What poison?
Lion, you have to tread carefully.
His Majesty's 53 micro-ministers have also served several times
Not only nourish blood and strengthen body
And I was so happy.
But a rare medicine
Yes!
Your Majesty, as long as you take it every time, you can prolong your life
Cantonese
If you take it for a long time, you will live forever.
Your Zhou father and son are a little lazy
I don't know if I can inform the palace of the formula of this medicine
imperial doctor
Your Majesty
Zhenbei Prince Qin Feiyang asks to see
It is said that there is a matter of urgency to report to His Majesty
It concerns the well-being of His Majesty's dragon body
Qin Feiyang
Tell him to wait for me at Yuhua Pavilion